The captain is Aifu.
At the same time as the order to move to the start line, there is a warning to the captain.
Now, the Aifu's command has been changed.
All the players have moved to the start line.
The first shot of the ball.
Maramaeo has caught it.
The first shot of the 1500m is finally fired.
Mejika is swimming and leading the ball.
He is leading the ball with a big voice, but the players of the team are in a good shape.
Ichihara has also got the ball.
Mejika, Ichihara, and then, the three players of the team have got the ball.
Uto is a little late.
The English Leibert has started to speed up.
The English Leibert and Maramaeo Terada have made the first 50m turn.
Uto is a little late.
The English Leibert and Maramaeo Terada have got the ball.
Ichihara has got the ball.
He has got the ball and is going to the start line.
The English Leibert and Maramaeo Terada have got the ball.
The English Leibert says,
We have got the ball.
The English Leibert and Maramaeo Terada have got the ball.
english leibert has got the ball.
Ichihara has got the ball.
The English Leibert is hesitating.
Ichihara has to fly a little bit on the 1st
The first place is the top of the Japanese team.
The second place is the top of the Japanese team.
The third place is the top of the Japanese team.
The fourth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The fifth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The sixth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The seventh place is the top of the Japanese team.
The first place is the top of the Japanese team.
The second place is the top of the Japanese team.
The third place is the top of the Japanese team.
The fourth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The fifth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The sixth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The seventh place is the top of the Japanese team.
The first place is the top of the Japanese team.
The second place is the top of the Japanese team.
The third place is the top of the Japanese team.
The fourth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The fifth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The sixth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The seventh place is the top of the Japanese team.
The eighth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The ninth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The tenth place is the top of the Japanese team.
The second course is lined up.
The body is about 5 meters apart.
The lap time of 200 meters is announced.
Our Ikawada's lap time is 2 minutes 22.6 seconds.
The lap time of 200 meters is our Ikawada's lap time.
No, our body is 2 minutes 22.6 seconds.